# Introduction
Climate change is a big problem all over the world. One of the main causes is the greenhouse gases that we as humans produce. The greenhouse effect is also an important topic of discussion in The Netherlands. According to politicians in the Netherlands, the Nitrous Oxide produced by the agricultural sector has a strong negative effect on the environment [(NOS nieuws, 2022)](https://nos.nl/collectie/13901/artikel/2432120-kabinet-neemt-vandaag-stikstofbesluit-met-grote-gevolgen-voor-boeren).  

When there is too much Nitrous Oxide, plants get too many nutrients, causing them to die. As the plants die, the animals that are reliant on these plants leave the area, causing the biodiversity to decrease [(Provincie Zeeland, n.d.)](https://www.zeeland.nl/onderwerpen/natuur-en-landschap/aanpak-stikstof/waarom-stikstof-een-probleem ). Therefore, measures are taken by the government to reduce nitrous oxide emissions that are disadvantageous to the farmers. They have to reduce the size of their farm or, in the worst case scenario, be forced to sell it [(NOS nieuws, 2022)](https://nos.nl/artikel/2431254-uitstoot-stikstof-moet-in-sommige-gebieden-met-70-tot-80-procent-omlaag). This gives rise to the question: are these measures reasonable?

On one hand, it is not fair that the farmers have to reduce their emissions because other sectors produce even more greenhouse gases and no extreme measures are taken against these sectors. On the other hand, global warming is a dangerous problem and everything should be done to stop it. The agricultural sector should reduce its emissions to slow down global warming and improve the climate.  In the data story, we are going to explore whether the Dutch agricultural sector needs to prioritise reducing its greenhouse gas emissions or if no measures should be taken against the sector at all.
